---
title: "Consciousness Raising 2020"
date: 2020-08-02
image: images/blog/cover.png
feature_image: images/blog/cr.png
author: the UBC Women's Centre
---

[Text on page for screen readers](/accessiblecr2020.txt)

## We will host Consciousness Raising Sessions online this year! 

We welcome ALL people who have experienced, will experience or are experiencing womanhood, and wish to include students, faculty, staff, etc. These events are open to people from all faculties, no prior or academic knowledge on feminism or social just required.

Historically, consciousness raising would allow those with marginal positions to come together to share and form solidarity. It is important to learn about others experience but it is also important to us as leaders that marginalized groups continue to be able to feel safe sharing their struggles in order to build community with others who share similar experiences. This means you can attend based on your positionality and comfort level with each topic.

Consciousness raising is the method of feminism - we will discover how our lives/experiences have shaped our realities, we will be exploring many topics such as Mothers, Sexuality/Gender, Race, Class, Relationships and more. Across differences and similitudes, we will raise our consciousness collectively. 

### Host a session!

You can also have the chance to sign up to host a future session about topics that are interesting and personal to you! This semester there will be no formal leader, as we hope to center the voices of those with lived experience. We will be creating a schedule where people can sign up to host a session on the topic of their choice. Contact us here to find out more.

This year we hope to have more specific topics, some may include discussions on care-giving and community, experience with migration, and experience with homophobia in the workplace. We hope to better understand ourselves and our circumstances and to collectively heal from past and ongoing trauma. 

### Tentative Schedule
Check our [facebook](http://facebook.com/ubcwomenscentre) and our for more information. 

##### October 1, 2020??? at 7pm??? - Zoom information will be added here. 

As an AMS Resource group at UBC, we would like to inform students that the Zoom servers are located outside of Canada, and that you maintain your privacy by logging in using only your first name or a nickname, turning off your camera, and muting their microphone. Also for consciousness raising, feel free to join and just listen. We will never make anyone speak if they do not want to and we do not require participation of any kind to attend. However, please respect that the UBC Women's Centre is a safe space to support those who have faced gender-based oppression and has experiences, will experience, or is experiencing womanhood. We have a zero tolerance policy for discrimination and hate. We will remove attendees who are not respectful.




#### What is Consciousness Raising (CR)?

Read our post [here](/portfolio/cr) for more information. 