---
title: "Accessible Website Information"
date: 2018-01-01
type: portfolio
image: "images/projects/accessible.png"
category: ["ACCESSIBILITY"]
---

#### The Women’s Centre exists to support anybody of the UBC community and beyond who share intersecting histories of sexual and colonial violence, classism, ableism, racism, homophobia, transphobia and so on. Specifically, we exist to support anybody that has faced gender based oppression and has experienced, will experience, or is experiencing womanhood. Our coordinators recognize that patriarchy is only one important aspect of an interlocking system of power and oppression, that safe spaces are not guaranteed, and that continual efforts to maintain openness, respect, and honesty are crucial for anti-oppressive organizing and ways of relating to one another. The Centre strives to provide a space for community-building, discussion, sharing, and resistance. We offer a safe space on campus, brochures with information about resources, event posters, menstrual products, safer sex products, pregnancy tests, a library of feminist literature, microwave, food, and kettle. We also offer consciousness raising sessions, as well as various community events. We offer discounted diva cups and luna pads to reduce period poverty for the UBC community and beyond. Office hours are usually at the Nest, but will not take place this year due to the pandemic. However, these products are still available, contact one of us to find out more. The UBC Women's Centre is located in room 2114 of the AMS Nest at the University of British Columbia. Room 2114 is on the second floor beside Hatch art gallery, straight ahead from the elevators and then through a doorway to the resource groups on the left. Due to the nature of the situation, we have decided to cancel all events for the remainder of 2020, as well as our Divacups and Lunapads office hours. We are trying to restock resources as often as we can, but we anticipate being unable to do so on a regular basis. The space will still be open for use so long as the Nest is operating, however we discourage any folks who feel sick from using the space and encourage them to follow Canadian Health guidelines. If you are using the space, please remain cognizant of the importance of social distancing. We apologize for the inconvenience that this can cause our folks who share the space and rely on our resources. During this time of uncertainty, we thank you for your understanding and cooperations and will keep you informed if anything changes. To contact us directly please email ubcwomenscentre@gmail.com. The UBC Women's Centre organizes on the traditional, unceded, ancestral, and unceded lands of the Musqueam, Squamish, and Tsleil-Waututh Nations. We recognize our complicity in the settler colonial project as a majority non-Indigenous group of students, and strive to organize in a way that honours this and upholds the sovereignty of all Indigenous peoples.